# ANN-Classification--Churn-Prediction

This is a simple Chrun Prediction application using Python and was coded on Jupyter notebook mostly. The Churn Prediction app follows a simple ANN structure consisting of one hot encoding. The Churn_Modelling.csv is the dataset and contains information about customers and their details.
If you want to download and try this out, fork the repository or download everything here and in your IDE and then it is extremely important that you first run the requirements.txt file. 

# Installing Necessary Libraries
You can do that using the terminal or command prompt in your IDE and simply run ``` pip install -r requirements.txt ``` and all the necessary libraries and packages should be installed. 

# Virtual Environments
If you want to try this out, I suggest you run these in a virtual environment to avoid conflicts between versions.
To create a virtual environment, go to your project’s directory and run the following command:  
```
 python3 -m venv .venv
```
This will create a new virtual environment in a local folder named **.venv**

Activate your virtual environment using: 
```
 source .venv/bin/activate
```

To deactivate a virtual environment, simply type deactivate and your virtual environment should be deactivated.
```
 deactivate 
```

This program is also deployed on Streamlit Community domain. You can also modify the **app.py** file to edit how you want your system to look like on the Streamlit web domain. If you want to see this model running as a web app, you can do so by running **app.py** in your terminal using the following command: 
```
streamlit run app.py
```
Once you run this code in your terminal or command prompt, the app should run and a browser window should pop up taking you to the address of this app generated by Streamlit. You can also access the web app (while it is running) from the address that is shown in the terminal. 
For your clarification: Closing the browser window or tab does not necessarily close the web app. To close it properly, go to your terminal(from where you ran the streamlit app) and press <ins>CTRL+C</ins>. 
